clone animation data documentation (#1)
benitogf/react-lottie-hook: README.md

      preserveAspectRatio: "xMidYMid slice",
      progressiveLoad: false,
    },
    JSON.parse(JSON.stringify(animationData)),
  });

  return <Lottie lottieRef={ref} width={400} height={400} />;
};
```

> Due to [memory leak](https://github.com/airbnb/lottie-web/issues/1933) is advised to deeply clone the animation object using methods such as `lodash.cloneDeep`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to likely [memory leaks](https://github.com/airbnb/lottie-web/issues/1933) it is highly advised to deeply clone the animation object using methods such as `lodash.cloneDeep`. 
```

Reviewer: Once these suggestions are adopted we can merged and close.
